Mention documentation comments in GDScript basics (#10097)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_basics.rst

    The list of highlighted keywords and their colors can be changed in the **Text
    Editor > Theme > Comment Markers** section of the Editor Settings.

> It is also possible to mark certain comments as
> :ref:`documentation comments <doc_gdscript_documentation_comments>` by using
> two hash symbols (``##``) instead of one (``#``). This only has an effect for
> comments placed immediately *above* a documentable item (such as a member
> variable), or at the top of a file. Dedicated formatting options are also
> available. See :ref:`doc_gdscript_documentation_comments` for details.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use two hash symbols (``##``) instead of one (``#``) to add a
:ref:`documentation comment <doc_gdscript_documentation_comments>`, which will
appear in the script documentation and in the inspector description of an
exported variable. Documentation comments must be placed directly *above* a
documentable item (such as a member variable), or at the top of a file. 
Dedicated formatting options are also available.
See :ref:`doc_gdscript_documentation_comments` for details.

::

    ## This comment will appear in the script documentation.
    var value
    ## This comment will appear in the inspector tooltip, and in the documentation.
    @export var exported_value

```
(And also move this whole section to *before* the tip about special keywords)

Includes two examples of the most common use cases. Uses more active phrasing.

Linking to the same page twice in a paragraph seems a bit odd, but it's fine.

> It is also possible to mark certain comments as
> :ref:`documentation comments <doc_gdscript_documentation_comments>` by using
> two hash symbols (``##``) instead of one (``#``). This only has an effect for
> comments placed immediately *above* a documentable item (such as a member
> variable), or at the top of a file. Dedicated formatting options are also
> available. See :ref:`doc_gdscript_documentation_comments` for details.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to mark certain comments as documentation
comments by using two hash symbols (``##``) instead of one (``#``).
See :ref:`doc_gdscript_documentation_comments` for details.

```
Alternately, following some other examples on this page, like `History` or `Exports`, only include a very minimal link to the page with the actual description, and don't link to the same page twice in a paragraph.

Author: I went for a mix of both solutions (with an included code sample, but only one link to the page).
